docs: update README (#47)
autowarefoundation/autoware_launch: README.md

# autoware_launch

> Launch configuration repository containing node configurations and their parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A launch configuration repository for Autoware, containing node configurations and their parameters.
```

> This meta-repository that constructs an Autoware workspace is [autowarefoundation/autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The meta-repository that is used to construct an Autoware workspace is [autowarefoundation/autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware).
```

> This meta-repository that constructs an Autoware workspace is [autowarefoundation/autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware).

Reviewer: On reflection this line looks a little odd. Could we perhaps hyperlink `Autoware` in line 3 to point at `autowarefoundation/autoware` and then remove this line entirely? @kenji-miyake What do you think?

Author: You mean like this?
```
# autoware_launch

Launch configuration repository containing node configurations and their parameters.

For Autoware's general repository, see [autowarefoundation/autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware).
```

Author: IMO, the word 'meta-repository" is difficult to understand for first-time users. but we want them to lead  `autowarefoundation/autoware` which `autoware_launch` is derived from.

Also, I don't think it matters either way if there is a autoware documentation link or not.

Reviewer: More like this?

> # autoware_launch
> 
> A launch configuration repository for [Autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware), containing node configurations and their parameters.

Since the main Autoware repo has an explanation of the main repositories and a link to the documentation site as well, I think that would be sufficient for now.

Author: I totally agree! It is the simplest. 
Fixed by https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_launch/pull/47/commits/e9741472454ee3597885a49ffaf71856c52aea06

> For Autoware's general documentation, see [Autoware Documentation](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more general information about Autoware, refer to the [Autoware Documentation site](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/).
```
